Add about String Iterator fix (#640)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-beta2-release-note.md

#### Improvements

> The static type of string iteration has been changed from `string` to `string:Char`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The static type of string iteration has been changed from `string` to `string:Char`.
```

> public function main() {
>     string str = "foo";
> 
>     foreach string:Char s in str {
>         
>     }
> }

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ballerina
public function main() {
    string str = "foo";

    foreach string:Char s in str {
        io:println(s);        
    }

    record {| string:Char value; |}? next = str.iterator().next();

    if !(next is ()) {
        io:println(next.value);
    }
}
```
````

To view bug fixes, see the [GitHub milestone for Swan Lake Beta2](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+milestone%3A%22Ballerina+Swan+Lake+-+Beta2%22+label%3AType%2FBug+label%3ATeam%2FCompilerFE).

> Set the value type of the string iteration sequence to string:Char.

Reviewer: Let's move this to the "Improvements" section.

It is only the type that changed, right? Shall we say

```suggestion
- The static type of string iteration has been changed from `string` to `string:Char`.
```

Author: Yes, I'll change it.
